DOCS-2567: Apply feedback on motor quickstart pictures and add more detailed instructions (#3096)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/get-started/quickstarts/control-motor.md

{{< expand "Step 1: Create a machine" >}}

Go to the Viam app and [add a new machine](/cloud/machines/#add-a-new-machine).

> ![The 'First Location' page on the Viam app with a new machine name in the New machine field and the Add machine button next to the field highlighted.](/fleet/app-usage/create-machine.png)

Reviewer: Sorry didn't notice and comment on this before--we actually got positive feedback on it from a user in another quickstart--I think it allows people to quickly see what they need to do without having to click through. I see that we want to have all the machine names agree, so maybe take a quick screenshot with the correct machine name to replace this one for this quickstart? Shouldn't take long but if not in this PR, mind making a ticket to add one back in later?

> Click the name of your machine to go to that machine's page.

Author: Ah, thank you!

{{< /expand >}}

> {{%expand "Step 2: Install viam-server" %}}
> 
> Navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
> Follow the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="setup" text="setup instructions" >}} that appear on your new machine's **CONFIGURE** page to install `viam-server` on your computer and connect it to the Viam app.
> 
> {{% /expand%}}

Reviewer: Just merged a PR yesterday changing a bunch of these--it seems that when we use % sometimes weird formatting things occur. This may be the reason that in the staging of this PR right now, there is an extra gap between this expander and the next one.
```suggestion
{{< expand "Step 2: Install viam-server" >}}

Navigate to the **CONFIGURE** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
Follow the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="setup" text="setup instructions" >}} that appear on your new machine's **CONFIGURE** page to install `viam-server` on your computer and connect it to the Viam app.

{{< /expand >}}
```

{{% /expand%}}

> {{< expand "Step 3: Configure a board" >}}

Author: For reviewer: I'm not sure that we actually need to this just to control the motor, I don't think so? lmk if anyone can confirm and I can remove this step

Author: Ohh ok my bad, thanks for checking @JessamyT!

Then, [add a board component](/components/board/).

Look through the [**Supported Models**](/components/motor/#supported-models) to determine the model of component to configure.

> For example, configure a [`pi` motor](/components/motor/pi/) for a Raspberry Pi 4, Raspberry Pi 3 or Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, configure a [`pi` board](/components/board/pi/) for a Raspberry Pi 4, Raspberry Pi 3 or Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W:
```

![An example board configuration in the app builder UI. The name (local), type (board) and model (pi) are shown. No other attributes are configured.](/get-started/quickstarts/configure-pi.png)

Follow the instructions in the board model's documentation to configure any required attributes.

{{< /expand >}}
{{< expand "Step 4: Configure a motor" >}}

> [Add a motor component](/components/motor/) that represents the type of motor and motor driver you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Add a motor component](/components/motor/) that supports the type of motor and motor driver you're using.
```
I think this is more indicative of what is actually happening, since the user is essentially choosing which software will run their motor.

Look through the [**Supported Models**](/components/motor/#supported-models) to determine the model of component to configure.

> For example, configure a [`gpio` motor](/components/motor/gpio/) to represent a standard DC motor (both brushed and brushless):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, configure a [`gpio` motor](/components/motor/gpio/) if you are using a standard DC motor:
```
[opt] I think this lowers cognitive load. People can dig into the docs if they want more detail, and I think "if you are using" makes it more concrete/tangible/directive. Another option if you think more information is necessary:
```suggestion
For example, if you are using a standard DC motor (brushed or brushless) wired to a typical GPIO pin-controlled motor driver, configure a [`gpio` motor](/components/motor/gpio/):
```

![The CONFIGURE tab of the Viam app populated with a configured gpio motor.](/get-started/quickstarts/configure-motor.png)

> Follow the instructions in the model's documentation to configure the attributes and ensure your motor, motor driver, and board are properly wired together so that the computer can connect with the motor.

Reviewer: I think this sounds as though the model documentation will tell them how to wire the motor. Can be a bit more precise with something like this:
```suggestion
Follow the motor driver manufacturer's data sheet to properly wire your motor driver to your board and to your motor.
Follow [model's documentation](/components/motor/gpio/) to configure the attributes so that the computer can send signals to the motor.
```
